[lit-next] Add lit package (#1523)
Polymer/lit-html: packages/lit/README.md

# Lit 2.0

Fast, lightweight web components

## About this package

The `lit` package contains everything needed to build Lit components with the LitElement base class, lit-html templates, and all first-party lit-html directives.

> Modules:

Reviewer: You didn't mention:
* `directive-helpers.js`
* `disconnectable-directive.js`
* `hydrate-support.js`

Author: oh yeah, this reminds me: do we want to move `directive.ts`, etc., to live under `directives/`? That might be nicer when there's three top-level directive related files and the top level isn't lit-html specific anymore.

Author: @sorvell any thoughts?

- `lit`: The main module exports the core pieces needed for component development: `LitElement`, `html`, `css`, and the most 
- `lit/decorators.js`: Exports all the TypeScript/Babel decorators from one module.
- `lit/decorators/...`: The `decorators/` folder contains a module for each decorator (`@customElement()`, `@property()`, etc.) for optimal pay-as-you-go module loading.
- `lit/html.js`: Just the exports needed for standalone `lit-html` usage: `render()`, `html`, `svg`, etc.
- `lit/static-html.js`: The lit-html `static.js` module
- `lit/directives/...`: The `directives/` folder contains all of the first-party lit-html directives, like `repeat`, `classMap`, etc.

> - `lit/platform-support.js`: A module that connected Lit to the web components polyfills.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lit/platform-support.js`: A module that loads support for using Lit on older browsers in conjunction with the web components polyfills.
```

Author: updated

# Lit 2.0

Fast, lightweight web components

## About this package

The `lit` package contains everything needed to build Lit components with the LitElement base class, lit-html templates, and all first-party lit-html directives.

Modules:

- `lit`: The main module exports the core pieces needed for component development: `LitElement`, `html`, `css`, and the most
- `lit/decorators.js`: Exports all the TypeScript/Babel decorators from one module.
- `lit/decorators/...`: The `decorators/` folder contains a module for each decorator (`@customElement()`, `@property()`, etc.) for optimal pay-as-you-go module loading.
- `lit/html.js`: Just the exports needed for standalone `lit-html` usage: `render()`, `html`, `svg`, etc.
- `lit/static-html.js`: The lit-html `static.js` module

> - `lit/directives.ts`: Contains the `Directive` base class for implementing directives.
> - `lit/directive-helpers.ts`: Optional helper utilities for impementing directives.
> - `lit/disconnectable-directive.ts`: A directive base class that supports disconnection and reconnection.

Reviewer: Minor fixes: List of files should all probably be `.js`. And it's `directive.js` (not plural):
```suggestion
- `lit/directive.js`: Contains the `Directive` base class for implementing directives.
- `lit/directive-helpers.js`: Optional helper utilities for impementing directives.
- `lit/disconnectable-directive.js`: A directive base class that supports disconnection and reconnection.
```

Author: fixed
